README.md, before:

Pure Python OPC UA / IEC 62541 Client and Server Python 2, 3 and pypy .
http://freeopcua.github.io/, https://github.com/FreeOpcUa/opcua-asyncio

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/FreeOpcUa/opcua-asyncio.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/FreeOpcUa/opcua-asyncio)
[![Scrutinizer Code Quality](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/FreeOpcUa/opcua-asyncio/badges/quality-score.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/FreeOpcUa/opcua-asyncio/?branch=master)
[![Code Coverage](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/FreeOpcUa/opcua-asyncio/badges/coverage.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/FreeOpcUa/opcua-asyncio/?branch=master)
[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/grade/f7f9a138ee7c4541b3b794b86e61e929)](https://www.codacy.com/app/olivier-roulet/opcua-asyncio)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/FreeOpcUa/opcua-asyncio/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/FreeOpcUa/opcua-asyncio)

[![PyPI Oackage](https://badge.fury.io/py/freeopcua.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/py/freeopcua)

OPC UA binary protocol implementation is quasi complete and has been tested against many different OPC UA stacks. API offers both a low level interface to send and receive all UA defined structures and high level classes allowing to write a server or a client in a few lines. It is easy to mix high level objects and low level UA calls in one application.

Most low level code is autogenerated from xml specification, thus adding missing functionality to client or server is often trivial.

Using Python > 3.4 the dependencies are cryptography, dateutil, lxml and pytz. If using python 2.7 or pypy < 3 you also need to install enum34, trollius(asyncio), and futures(concurrent.futures), with pip for example.

coverage.py reports a test coverage of over 95% of code, most of non-tested code is autogenerated code that is not used yet.

=======

Some documentation is available at http://opcua-asyncio.readthedocs.org/en/latest/

A simple GUI client is available: https://github.com/FreeOpcUa/opcua-client-gui

Examples: https://github.com/FreeOpcUa/opcua-asyncio/tree/master/examples

Minimal client example: https://github.com/FreeOpcUa/opcua-asyncio/blob/master/examples/client-minimal.py
Minimal server example: https://github.com/FreeOpcUa/opcua-asyncio/blob/master/examples/server-minimal.py

A set of command line tools also available: https://github.com/FreeOpcUa/opcua-asyncio/tree/master/tools
* uadiscover (find_servers, get_endpoints and find_servers_on_network calls)
* uals (list children of a node)
* uahistoryread
* uaread (read attribute of a node)
* uawrite (write attribute of a node)
* uacall (call method of a node)
* uasubscribe (subscribe to a node and print datachange events)
* uaclient (connect to server and start python shell)
* uaserver (starts a demo OPC UA server)

    tools/uaserver --populate --certificate cert.pem --private_key pk.pem

How to generate certificate: https://github.com/FreeOpcUa/opcua-asyncio/tree/master/examples/generate_certificate.sh

Client: what works:
* connection to server, opening channel, session
* browsing and reading attributes value
* getting nodes by path and nodeids
* creating subscriptions
* subscribing to items for data change
* subscribing to events
* adding nodes
* method call
* user and password
* history read
* login with certificate
* communication encryption
* removing nodes

Tested servers: freeopcua C++, freeopcua Python, prosys, kepware, beckoff, winCC, ..

Client: what is not implemented yet
* localized text feature
* XML protocol
* UDP
* maybe automatic reconnection...


Server: what works:
* creating channel and sessions
* read/set attributes and browse
* getting nodes by path and nodeids
* autogenerate address space from spec
* adding nodes to address space
* datachange events
* events
* methods
* basic user implementation (one existing user called admin, which can be disabled, all others are read only)
* encryption
* certificate handling
* removing nodes
* history support for data change and events

Tested clients: freeopcua C++, freeopcua Python, uaexpert, prosys, quickopc

Server: what is not implemented
* more high level solution to create custom structures
* UDP
* session restore
* alarms
* XML protocol
* views
* localized text features
* better security model with users and password


Server: Running on a Raspberry Pi

Setting up the standard address-space from XML is the most time-consuming step of the startup process which may lead to long startup times on less powerful devices like a Raspberry Pi. By passing a path to a cache-file to the server constructor, a shelve holding the address space will be created during the first startup. All following startups will make use of the cache-file which leads to significantly better startup performance (~3.5 vs 125 seconds on a Raspberry Pi Model B).

# Install

pip install opcua   (was ealier called freeopcua)

Using Python > 3.4 the dependencies are cryptography, dateutil, lxml and pytz. If using python 2.7 or pypy < 3 you also need to install enum34, trollius(asyncio), and futures(concurrent.futures), with pip for example.

# Development

Code follows PEP8 apart for line lengths which should be max 120 characters and OPC UA structures that keep camel case from XML definition.

All protocol code is under opcua directory

- opcua/ua contains all UA structures from specification, most are autogenerated
- opcua/common contains high level objects and methods used both in server and client
- opcua/client contains client specific code
- opcua/server contains server specific code
- opcua/utils contains some utilities function and classes
- opcua/tools contains code for command lines tools
- schemas contains the XML and text files from specification and the python scripts used to autogenerate code
- tests contains tests
- docs contains files to auto generate documentation from doc strings
- examples contains many example files
- tools contains python scripts that can be used to run command line tools from repository without installing

## Running tests:

```
./run-tests.sh
```

## Coverage

coverage run tests.py
coverage html
firefox htmlcov/index.html

Commit message:

update README to explain what this repository is about

README.md, after:

OPC UA / IEC 62541 Client and Server for Python > 3.6 and pypy .
http://freeopcua.github.io/, https://github.com/FreeOpcUa/opcua-asyncio

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/FreeOpcUa/opcua-asyncio.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/FreeOpcUa/opcua-asyncio)
[![Scrutinizer Code Quality](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/FreeOpcUa/opcua-asyncio/badges/quality-score.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/FreeOpcUa/opcua-asyncio/?branch=master)
[![Code Coverage](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/FreeOpcUa/opcua-asyncio/badges/coverage.png?b=master)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/FreeOpcUa/opcua-asyncio/?branch=master)
[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/grade/f7f9a138ee7c4541b3b794b86e61e929)](https://www.codacy.com/app/olivier-roulet/opcua-asyncio)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/FreeOpcUa/opcua-asyncio/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/FreeOpcUa/opcua-asyncio)

[![PyPI Oackage](https://badge.fury.io/py/freeopcua.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/py/freeopcua)

This repository is a fork of python-opcua to rebase it completely on asyncio and drop support of Python < 3.6. This will hill hopefully allow us to have a simpler code and improve performance. This is currently ALPHA quality.

OPC UA binary protocol implementation is quasi complete and has been tested against many different OPC UA stacks. API offers both a low level interface to send and receive all UA defined structures and high level classes allowing to write a server or a client in a few lines. It is easy to mix high level objects and low level UA calls in one application.

Most low level code is autogenerated from xml specification, thus adding missing functionality to client or server is often trivial.

Using Python > 3.4 the dependencies are cryptography, dateutil, lxml and pytz. If using python 2.7 or pypy < 3 you also need to install enum34, trollius(asyncio), and futures(concurrent.futures), with pip for example.

coverage.py reports a test coverage of over 95% of code, most of non-tested code is autogenerated code that is not used yet.

=======

Some documentation is available at http://opcua-asyncio.readthedocs.org/en/latest/

A simple GUI client is available: https://github.com/FreeOpcUa/opcua-client-gui

Examples: https://github.com/FreeOpcUa/opcua-asyncio/tree/master/examples

Minimal client example: https://github.com/FreeOpcUa/opcua-asyncio/blob/master/examples/client-minimal.py
Minimal server example: https://github.com/FreeOpcUa/opcua-asyncio/blob/master/examples/server-minimal.py

A set of command line tools also available: https://github.com/FreeOpcUa/opcua-asyncio/tree/master/tools
* uadiscover (find_servers, get_endpoints and find_servers_on_network calls)
* uals (list children of a node)
* uahistoryread
* uaread (read attribute of a node)
* uawrite (write attribute of a node)
* uacall (call method of a node)
* uasubscribe (subscribe to a node and print datachange events)
* uaclient (connect to server and start python shell)
* uaserver (starts a demo OPC UA server)

    tools/uaserver --populate --certificate cert.pem --private_key pk.pem

How to generate certificate: https://github.com/FreeOpcUa/opcua-asyncio/tree/master/examples/generate_certificate.sh

Client: what works:
* connection to server, opening channel, session
* browsing and reading attributes value
* getting nodes by path and nodeids
* creating subscriptions
* subscribing to items for data change
* subscribing to events
* adding nodes
* method call
* user and password
* history read
* login with certificate
* communication encryption
* removing nodes

Tested servers: freeopcua C++, freeopcua Python, prosys, kepware, beckoff, winCC, ..

Client: what is not implemented yet
* localized text feature
* XML protocol
* UDP
* maybe automatic reconnection...


Server: what works:
* creating channel and sessions
* read/set attributes and browse
* getting nodes by path and nodeids
* autogenerate address space from spec
* adding nodes to address space
* datachange events
* events
* methods
* basic user implementation (one existing user called admin, which can be disabled, all others are read only)
* encryption
* certificate handling
* removing nodes
* history support for data change and events

Tested clients: freeopcua C++, freeopcua Python, uaexpert, prosys, quickopc

Server: what is not implemented
* more high level solution to create custom structures
* UDP
* session restore
* alarms
* XML protocol
* views
* localized text features
* better security model with users and password


Server: Running on a Raspberry Pi

Setting up the standard address-space from XML is the most time-consuming step of the startup process which may lead to long startup times on less powerful devices like a Raspberry Pi. By passing a path to a cache-file to the server constructor, a shelve holding the address space will be created during the first startup. All following startups will make use of the cache-file which leads to significantly better startup performance (~3.5 vs 125 seconds on a Raspberry Pi Model B).

# Install

pip install opcua   (was ealier called freeopcua)

Using Python > 3.4 the dependencies are cryptography, dateutil, lxml and pytz. If using python 2.7 or pypy < 3 you also need to install enum34, trollius(asyncio), and futures(concurrent.futures), with pip for example.

# Development

Code follows PEP8 apart for line lengths which should be max 120 characters and OPC UA structures that keep camel case from XML definition.

All protocol code is under opcua directory

- opcua/ua contains all UA structures from specification, most are autogenerated
- opcua/common contains high level objects and methods used both in server and client
- opcua/client contains client specific code
- opcua/server contains server specific code
- opcua/utils contains some utilities function and classes
- opcua/tools contains code for command lines tools
- schemas contains the XML and text files from specification and the python scripts used to autogenerate code
- tests contains tests
- docs contains files to auto generate documentation from doc strings
- examples contains many example files
- tools contains python scripts that can be used to run command line tools from repository without installing

## Running tests:

```
./run-tests.sh
```

## Coverage

coverage run tests.py
coverage html
firefox htmlcov/index.html
