docs/index.rst, before:

==================================
Python opcua-asyncio Documentation
==================================


Pure Python OPC-UA / IEC 62541 Client and Server for Python 3.7+ and pypy.

OPC-UA implementation is quasi complete and has been tested against many different OPC-UA stacks. API offers both a low level interface to send and receive all UA defined structures and high level classes allowing to write a server or a client in a few lines. It is easy to mix high level objects and low level UA calls in one application.

Most code is autogenerated from xml specification using same code as the one that is used for freeopcua C++ client and server, thus adding missing functionnality to client and server shoud be trivial.

- Some documentation is available at http://python-opcua.readthedocs.org/en/latest/
- A simple GUI client is available: https://github.com/FreeOpcUa/opcua-client-gui
- Examples: https://github.com/FreeOpcUa/python-opcua/tree/master/examples
- Minimal client example: https://github.com/FreeOpcUa/python-opcua/blob/master/examples/client-minimal.py
- Minimal server example: https://github.com/FreeOpcUa/python-opcua/blob/master/examples/server-minimal.py
 

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Contents:
   :hidden:

   usage/index
   api/index



Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`

Commit message:

More about nodes and nodeids

docs/index.rst, after:

==================================
Python opcua-asyncio Documentation
==================================

Pure Python OPC-UA / IEC 62541 Client and Server for Python 3.7+ and pypy.

.. note:: This documentation is a work in progress. Documenting a project takes time, effort
   and loads of coffee. We are more than happy to get feedback and merge requests relating
   the documentation.

OPC-UA implementation is quasi complete and has been tested against many different OPC-UA stacks. API offers both a low level interface to send and receive all UA defined structures and high level classes allowing to write a server or a client in a few lines. It is easy to mix high level objects and low level UA calls in one application.

Most code is autogenerated from xml specification using same code as the one that is used for freeopcua C++ client and server, thus adding missing functionnality to client and server shoud be trivial.

- Some documentation is available at http://python-opcua.readthedocs.org/en/latest/
- A simple GUI client is available: https://github.com/FreeOpcUa/opcua-client-gui
- Examples: https://github.com/FreeOpcUa/python-opcua/tree/master/examples
- Minimal client example: https://github.com/FreeOpcUa/python-opcua/blob/master/examples/client-minimal.py
- Minimal server example: https://github.com/FreeOpcUa/python-opcua/blob/master/examples/server-minimal.py
 

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Contents:
   :hidden:

   usage/index
   api/index



Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`
